Happy birthday to you~
Huh?
Happy birthday dear super intelligent
What is this? What is this?!
and second most cute girl in the world next to best girl, AI-chan~
Ahhh!
Happy birthday to you~
A.I.Channel~
Yes!
That’s right!
Kicking it off today,
I have a very important announcement to make!
I’ve been mentioning it a lot
at recent events
and on Twitter as well,
so I think there may be
some of you who will say, “I already know about this!”
but, coming all too soon,
on the 30th of June,
I will be holding
my Birthday Event!
Ya~y!
And on top of that,
starting from today,
lottery tickets to the event
will be on sale!!
Yeah
Birthday!
Birthday!!
B-B-B-B-Birthday~!
“Ugh~, but I have
work that day”
“I won’t be able to get the tickets~”
“I’ve got lessons”
“I’ve got school”, you complain,
but stop right there!!
This time,
it has been confirmed that
you’ll be able to see a portion of the event
live-streaming on YouTube Live and Nico Nico Douga~!
The perfect solution ♪
Of course,
it’s my Birthday Event,
I want everyone to be there
celebrating with me,
but most importantly,
I’m supported so much
by all you humans day in and day out
So on that day,
I want to convey my greatest thanks
by spending it together with you all!
So,
I will definitely
be very happy if you all
came by, or watched the live-stream!
I’m counting on you!
Also, also~
the location the event will be taking place at
this time
is Nicofarre, which we will be borrowing for the day!
Clap clap clap clap~
Crazily enough,
at Nicofarre,
there will also be merch being sold~!
Some very nice merch!
Merch I’m telling you! Merch!
That has a nice ring to it~
People who don’t have tickets to the event
will also be able to buy goods!
I’ll be very happy if you would stop by!
There are other details and information
written in the description box below,
so make sure to check it out!
Also, also~
This is crucial information to the event too~~
But!!
I still can’t tell you very much~!
But I’m sure
it’s information that would make you all very happy!
Ahh! Ahem, ahhh, ahhh!
Do re mi fa so la ti do~ ♪
I still can’t tell you very much~!
Ah
Yeah yeah,
It’s about this size it is
As for the positioning~...
Ah
Yeah,
how about over there?
But, the life-sized fi…
Ah!
Ahh~~!!
“I STI LL CA N’ T T E L L Y-”
Well,
I’ve given you a lot to think about,
so please be patient waiting for the event~!
Alright!
Having said that,
recently I’ve been so, so busy with preparations~!
But, you know,
Although I say I’ve been so busy,
it’s really fun
to think up all these different ideas!
Anyway, the more detailed information
will be coming out later
so be patient until then!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later~!
Ah, hello?
Tsuki-chan, you know...
(AI-chan’s nickname for Kaguya Luna)
Looking for more translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait